c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Qvizzen.dll
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Qvizzen.pdb
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Qvizzen.Qvizzen.apk
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Qvizzen.Qvizzen-Signed.apk
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\drawable\monoandroidsplash.png
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\Qvizzen.dll
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\Qvizzen.pdb
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\android\bin\Qvizzen.Qvizzen.apk
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\packagecreatormain.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\packagecreatorpackage.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\packagecreatorquestion.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\packagecreatoranwser.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\singleplayerpackageselection.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\gameplay.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\scorescreen.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\res\layout\scorecustomlistitem.xml
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\AndroidSwipeLayout.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Eventyr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\Qvizzen.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Eventyr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\obj\Debug\Qvizzen.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Eventyr\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Qvizzen\Qvizzen\bin\Debug\Qvizzen.dll.mdb
